<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/templates/dashboard.xhtml"
    xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
    xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
    xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.1.1/css/bootstrap.min.css" integrity="sha384-WskhaSGFgHYWDcbwN70/dfYBj47jz9qbsMId/iRN3ewGhXQFZCSftd1LZCfmhktB" crossorigin="anonymous"></link>
    <script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.3.1.slim.min.js" integrity="sha384-q8i/X+965DzO0rT7abK41JStQIAqVgRVzpbzo5smXKp4YfRvH+8abtTE1Pi6jizo" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/popper.js/1.14.3/umd/popper.min.js" integrity="sha384-ZMP7rVo3mIykV+2+9J3UJ46jBk0WLaUAdn689aCwoqbBJiSnjAK/l8WvCWPIPm49" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
    <script src="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.1.1/js/bootstrap.min.js" integrity="sha384-smHYKdLADwkXOn1EmN1qk/HfnUcbVRZyYmZ4qpPea6sjB/pTJ0euyQp0Mk8ck+5T" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>

    <ui:define name="title">
        ACOES - Home
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <h1>ACOES</h1>
        <hr/>
        <h:panelGrid width="100%" columns="2" cellpadding="5" border="0">
            <h:column>
                 <p>
                    <abbr style="text-decoration: none" title="Asociación Colaboración y Esfuerzo">ACOES</abbr>
                    is a non-governmental, non-profit organization incorporated in Tegucigalpa (Honduras).
                </p>
                <p>
                    Through the educational projects it develops, it fosters solidarity 
                    and works for the education and integral development of the human 
                    being in the most underprivileged sectors of the population. 
                </p>
                <p>
                    ACOES HONDURAS was founded in 1993 by the priest Patricio Larrosa, 
                    a native of Huéneja (Granada), who, seeing the great need of the 
                    population, proposed to help together with a group of young
                    Hondurans.
                </p>
                <p>
                    At present there are more than 200 Honduran volunteers who support
                    the development of the various projects, with the help of
                    international cooperation and hundreds of volunteers from Spain, the
                    United States, Canada, France, etc.
                </p>   
            </h:column>
            <h:column>
                <h:graphicImage value="resources/img/classroom.png"></h:graphicImage>
            </h:column>
            
            
           
            <h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/oldman.PNG"></h:graphicImage>
            <p>
                In Spain, there are 24 Associations legalized to support ACOES 
                HONDURAS (Hay ACOES Galicia, Canarias, Cataluña, Vigo, Granada Crea,
                Altiplano de Granada, Huéneja, Sevilla, Motril, Almuñecar, Vitoria, 
                Valencia, Navarra, Madrid, Málaga Coperación Honduras, Badajoz, 
                Catratxhos, Montaña de Plata, Amigos de Honduras Jaén, Cádiz, 
                Almería, Zarautz, Banco de libros Tíjola, Cuenca and Pamplona). 
            </p>
            <p>
                In Germany Globus Humanus E.V. In France and Canada there are 
                volunteers who also collaborate with Honduras. It is important to 
                point out that in ACOES no one receives a salary for their work.
            </p>
            <p>
                In 2015 the ANDALUSIAN FEDERATION OF ASSOCIATIONS COLLABORATION AND 
                ACOES EFFORT is born and in 2016 the NATIONAL FEDERATION OF ACOES 
                ASSOCIATIONS WITH HONDURAS is created.
            </p>
        </h:panelGrid>
        <p></p>
        <h4>100% VOLUNTEERING</h4>
        <hr/>
        <h:panelGrid columns="2" border="0">
            <p>
                Volunteering is one of the main pillars that characterizes and 
                distinguishes ACOES.
            </p>
            <p>
                We understand volunteer work as a form of  solidarity towards the 
                most disadvantaged population and as a sign of social responsibility
                towards social injustices. 
            </p>
            <p>
                We are a team composed entirely of volunteers, both Spanish and 
                Honduran, who seek a more just and dignified world for the Honduran 
                population, working  without any economic remuneration, with the
                same objective and with  the same illusion.
            </p>
            <h:graphicImage value="resources/img/volunteer1.PNG"></h:graphicImage>
            <h:graphicImage value="resources/img/volunteer2.PNG"></h:graphicImage>
            <p>
                What was initially a small group of people has become an association
                with a committed and organized base of more than 200 volunteers and 
                the collaboration of more than 1000 people, including volunteers, 
                scholarship holders and collaborating partners. 
            </p>
            <p>
                It is the young Honduran collaborators who act as the backbone 
                of the organization to coordinate and manage the different 
                projects directly from Honduras, while from Spain support is 
                given to all activities in multiple ways such as grant 
                management, recruitment of new scholars, awareness and much 
                more.
            </p>
        </h:panelGrid>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>

